100 years ago a single farmer produced
sufficient food for four people
a hundred years on that number has
increased dramatically to a hundred and
fifty well-fed humans the farmer of
today doesn't really have that much in
common with the farmer of the past to be
profitable today he must be a specialist
in what he is doing in order to produce
outstanding quality every handful of
soil must be used to its optimum because
even though fewer people work in
agriculture they are now expected to
feed more and more people or plant
products which help to cover our
increased demand for energy the farmer
of today manages more with greater risk
uses more technology buys more Goods
produces more products and contributes
more to the world economy than ever
before
these farmers are leading diverse and
demanding lives working long and hard
for the success of their varied
operations like you they take nothing
for granted and they rely on their
machinery being as versatile and
dependable as they are they like you are
everyday heroes and the new 6mm series
tractors including a top-of-the-line 170
horsepower model have been developed for
you by the people who really understand
your need for strength versatility and
reliability John Deere the new 6 M made
by John Deere but how can one tractor be
so strong and versatile let's start with
the way it has been engineered
because the 6m series is built upon the
John Deere full frame concert it has
exceptionally high strength and rigidity
this isolates powertrain components from
the negative effects of torsional stress
and makes the 6mm series your ideal
platform for front loader operations
there's also the added versatility of an
integrated front hitch and PTO plus the
optional self leveling triple link
suspension TLS for the front axle which
is also available with powerful brakes
power comes from a new range of power
tech pvx engines all of which have been
optimized for use in the six M series
producing more power and torque yet
using less fuel than ever before and
they all bring you the operational
simplicity of the John Deere single
fluid solution putting all that power
and torque to work our rugged John Deere
transmission systems and large dimension
tires across the range there are three
transmissions to choose from our
reverser with 16 forward and 16 reverse
speeds our quad plus is offered in two
versions 16 16 and 24 24 while both auto
quad plus and auto quad plus eco add the
convenience of automatic shifting 6m
series tractors can be specified with
the high performance pressure and flow
compensated hydraulic system capable of
delivering a maximum flow of 114 litres
per minute whenever you need it
so the 6m series is clearly strong and
reliable enough to handle all your daily
operational challenges but what about
ease of operation ice opus connectivity
comes as an option
simplifying the precise operation of a
multitude of impotence
the 6m cap provides a quiet and
comfortable operator environment with a
host of standard and optional features
including the automated convenience of
intelligent equipment control I tech
capability keeping you on the right
track is your choice of optional john
deere guidance systems choose the option
that fits your needs today
and its simplicity itself to upgrade
your system as your business grows
Starfire receivers provide satellite
positioning the accuracy to meet your
needs now and in the future
combined with Auto track Universal they
are the ideal guidance systems
green star displays give your operator
the ease of fingertip control optimizing
the performance at both tractor and
operator improving productivity and
reducing unnecessary use of fuel whether
plowing loading seeding transporting
mowing or loading your 6m series tractor
gives your reliability and versatility a
considerable boost because we're focused
on exactly what you need
it's a real achievement always meeting
your needs the new John Deere six and
series your own everyday hero